>> Richard Feldman: One last thing
to note is that when we have this
CompletedLoadFeed variant and
it's holding onto results.
Since result is also custom type,
we can actually write what is known
as pattern match that will handle
both of these at the same time.
What I mean by that is instead
of saying CompletedLoadFeed and
then saying results right over here and
then doing a case on that result,
we can actually specify both
of these at the same time.
And this is typically how it's done.
So this is a if I got
a CompletedLoadFeed message, and
the result inside was an Ok,
here's what I wanna do.
And then, also,
if I got a CompletedLoadFeed message,
or I got an error for this result,
then I wanna do this other thing.
So this is a short hand for
writing out CompletedLoadFeed result, and
then case result of, and
doing a nested case expression.
This let's us, instead of nesting it,
just enumerate the two different possible
paths that could go with
that nested case expression.
And just say, okay, I wanna handle this
one, and I wanna handle this one, and
doing those both at the top level.
Typically, this is how people
do it with HTTP requests.
So they are all handled right
in the same case expression.
That's known as pattern matching.
That brings us to
the conclusion of part 8.
So first we learned about Tuples
which are essentially short hands for
records where fields are access
by position rather than by name.
We saw how did you randomness in Elm,
with Random.generate and
how that works through our command.
Because Elm has this
function guarantees of all
functions that are given the same
arguments must return to the same value.
We saw that commands are a description of
some effect to be run by the Elm run time.
They don't actually run anything
when you instantiate them,
you can make a thousand of them and
that will do absolutely nothing.
It's only when update returns one of them
that the run time will take that value and
actually execute it.
And finally,
we learned how to do HTTP using tuples and
commands by converting some description of
what we want the HTTP request to be into
a command by using Http.send and passing
it what to do in the case of success and
what to do in the case of failure.
Which generally means,
wrapping up that result that
specifies either it succeeded or
it failed inside a message variant.